Meet my family. There are five of us – my parents, my elder brother, my baby sister and me. First, meet my mum and dad, Jane and Michael. My mum enjoys reading and my dad enjoys playing chess with my brother Ken. My mum is slim and rather tall. She has long red hair and big brown eyes. She has a very pleasant smile and a soft voice. My mother is very kind and understanding. We are real friends. She is a housewife. As she has three children, she is always busy around the house. She takes care of my baby sister Meg, who is only three months old. My sister is very small and funny. She sleeps, eats and sometimes cries. We all help our mother and let her have a rest in the evening. Then she usually reads a book or just watches TV. My father is a doctor. He is tall and handsome. He has short dark hair and gray eyes. He is a very hardworking man. He is rather strict with us, but always fair. My elder brother Ken is thirteen, and he is very clever. He is good at Maths and always helps me with it, because I can hardly understand all these sums and problems. Ken has red hair and brown eyes. My name is Jessica. I am eleven. I have long dark hair and brown eyes. I am not as clever as my brother, though I try to do my best at school too. I am fond of dancing. Our dancing studio won The Best Dancing Studio 2015 competition last month. I am very proud of it. I also like to help my mother with my little sister very much. Our family is very united. We love each other and always try to spend more time together.
Every day in elementary school in America begins at 9.20 a.m. Children have classes till 3.15 p.m. At 12 o’clock children have lunch. Many boys and girls bring their lunch from home. But some of them go for lunch to a school cafeteria.
Mrs. Bradley prepares school lunches almost every weekday for her two children. Sometimes she gives the children money and they eat in the school cafeteria. But usually the children prefer to take a lunch from home.
This morning Mrs. Bradley is making peanut butter and cheese sandwiches, the children's favorite. She puts two bottles of apple juice for the children to drink. She is going to put the sandwiches, some cherry tomatoes and two bananas in their lunchboxes. The lunchbox is easy for the children to carry to school.There are different kinds of animals on our planet, and all of them are very important for it. For example, everybody knows that the sharks are dangerous for people, but they are useful for cleaning seawater. There are two types of animals: domestic (or pets) and wild. People keep pets in their homes. And some wild animals are very dangerous. Domestic animals live next to people, whereas wild animals’ “homes” are forests, jungles, oceans and so on. Apples and apple-based products are among the most popular foods around the world for their delightful flavors and health benefits. However, the commonly found mold, Penicillium expansum invades wounded apples, causing the blue mold decay and ensuing the production of patulin, a mycotoxin that negatively affects human health. Patulin contamination in apple products has been a worldwide problem without a satisfactory solution yet. A comprehensive understanding of the factors and challenges associated with patulin accumulation in apples is essential for finding such a solution. This review will discuss the effects of the pathogenicity of Penicillium species, quality traits of apple cultivars, and environmental conditions on the severity of apple blue mold and patulin contamination. Moreover, beyond the complicated interactions of the three aforementioned factors, patulin control is also challenged by the lack of reliable detection methods in food matrices, as well as unclear degradation mechanisms and limited knowledge about the toxicities of the metabolites resulting from the degradations. As apple-based products are mainly produced with stored apples, pre- and post-harvest strategies are equally important for patulin mitigation. Before storage, disease-resistance breeding, orchard-management, and elicitor(s) application help control the patulin level by improving the storage qualities of apples and lowering fruit rot severity. From storage to processing, patulin mitigation strategies could benefit from the optimization of apple storage conditions, the elimination of rotten apples, and the safe and effective detoxification or biodegradation of patulin.
Giraffes are very beautiful and unusual animals. They are the tallest land animals in the world. Giraffes can reach a height of 5,5 m and a weight of 900 kg. They are famous for their long necks. But does anybody know, that giraffes have a very long tongue? They even can clean the ears with it! Giraffes are usually yellow or light brown with dark stains. Giraffes live in African savannas. They can live from 20 to 30 years. It is interesting to know, that giraffes sleep only twenty minutes at a time. They sit down on the ground and bend their long neck down. Psoriasis is a chronic, painful, disfiguring and non-contagious skin disease that has globally affected at least 200 million patients. In general, mild to moderate psoriasis patients will be treated by chemical drugs or Chinese medicine, while targeting systemic biological drugs have been successfully developed with good efficacy but high cost burden to patients with severe psoriasis. Since the underlying mechanisms of psoriasis are not well understood, in this review, psoriasis pathogenesis and clinical therapeutic principles by modern medicine and Chinese medicine are extensively described. Based on the data from the China Food and Drug Administration, the majority of chemical drugs are utilized as the topical formulations, while Chinese medicines are mainly delivered by an oral route, suggesting that the market for topical preparations of Chinese medicine to treat psoriasis is worth to exploration. Moreover, considering the unique clinical therapeutic theory and successful clinical application of Chinese medicine in the treatment of psoriasis, we believe that development of new small molecule drugs based on Chinese medicine will be a promising strategy to reduce therapeutic costs and improve safety for psoriatic patients.Psoriasis is a chronic, painful, disfiguring and non-contagious skin disease that has globally affected at least 200 million patients. In general, mild to moderate psoriasis patients will be treated by chemical drugs or Chinese medicine, while targeting systemic biological drugs have been successfully developed with good efficacy but high cost burden to patients with severe psoriasis. Since the underlying mechanisms of psoriasis are not well understood, in this review, psoriasis pathogenesis and clinical therapeutic principles by modern medicine and Chinese medicine are extensively described. Based on the data from the China Food and Drug Administration, the majority of chemical drugs are utilized as the topical formulations, while Chinese medicines are mainly delivered by an oral route, suggesting that the market for topical preparations of Chinese medicine to treat psoriasis is worth to exploration. Moreover, considering the unique clinical therapeutic theory and successful clinical application of Chinese medicine in the treatment of psoriasis, we believe that development of new small molecule drugs based on Chinese medicine will be a promising strategy to reduce therapeutic costs and improve safety for psoriatic patients.Coastal zones constitute one of the most heavily populated and developed land zones in the world. Despite the utility and economic benefits that coasts provide, there is no reliable global-scale assessment of historical shoreline change trends. Here, via the use of freely available optical satellite images captured since 1984, in conjunction with sophisticated image interrogation and analysis methods, we present a global-scale assessment of the occurrence of sandy beaches and rates of shoreline change therein. Applying pixel-based supervised classification, we found that 31% of the world's ice-free shoreline are sandy. The application of an automated shoreline detection method to the sandy shorelines thus identified resulted in a global dataset of shoreline change rates for the 33 year period 1984-2016. Analysis of the satellite derived shoreline data indicates that 24% of the world's sandy beaches are eroding at rates exceeding 0.5 m/yr, while 28% are accreting and 48% are stable. The majority of the sandy shorelines in marine protected areas are eroding, raising cause for serious concern.
Giraffes do not hunt. They eat leaves, grass, and fruit. Due to their long neck, they can reach the highest leaves on the trees that other animals cannot eat.
You can often meet giraffes in city Zoos. They are very friendly and all the children like them very much.
Background: Pan-genome approaches afford the discovery of homology relations in a set of genomes, by determining how some gene families are distributed among a given set of genomes. The retrieval of a complete gene distribution among a class of genomes is an NP-hard problem because computational costs increase with the number of analyzed genomes, in fact, all-against-all gene comparisons are required to completely solve the problem. In presence of phylogenetically distant genomes, due to the variability introduced in gene duplication and transmission, the task of recognizing homologous genes becomes even more difficult. A challenge on this field is that of designing fast and adaptive similarity measures in order to find a suitable pan-genome structure of homology relations.
Results: We present PanDelos, a stand alone tool for the discovery of pan-genome contents among phylogenetic distant genomes. The methodology is based on information theory and network analysis. It is parameter-free because thresholds are automatically deduced from the context. PanDelos avoids sequence alignment by introducing a measure based on k-mer multiplicity. The k-mer length is defined according to general arguments rather than empirical considerations. Homology candidate relations are integrated into a global network and groups of homologous genes are extracted by applying a community detection algorithm.
The rapidly increasing biomedical literature calls for the need of an automatic approach in the recognition and normalization of disease mentions in order to increase the precision and effectivity of disease based information retrieval. A variety of methods have been proposed to deal with the problem of disease named entity recognition and normalization. Among all the proposed methods, conditional random fields (CRFs) and dictionary lookup method are widely used for named entity recognition and normalization respectively. We herein developed a CRF-based model to allow automated recognition of disease mentions, and studied the effect of various techniques in improving the normalization results based on the dictionary lookup approach. The dataset from the BioCreative V CDR track was used to report the performance of the developed normalization methods and compare with other existing dictionary lookup based normalization methods. The best configuration achieved an F-measure of What makes every American a typical one is a desire to get a well-paid job that will cover their credit card. A credit card is an indispensable part of life in America. In other words, any American knows that how he or she handles their credit card or cards, either will help them or haunt them for years.
Credit Services counselors advise, that if an American gets divorced, he or she may eliminate all joint debts by paying them off or transferring debt into a one-name account. Even in happy marriages, the agency advises that the husband and wife should each have a credit card in their name only to establish separate credit histories.
Once debts have been repaid, an American can re-establish his/her good credit by applying for a secured credit card and paying the balance off regularly. A store credit card usually is the next step, followed by applying for a major credit card such as a Visa or MasterCard. One of the most alarming forms of air pollution is acid rain. It results from the release into the atmosphere of sulphur and nitrogen oxides that react with water droplets and return to earth in the form of acid rain, mist or snow. Acid rain is killing forests in Canada, the USA, and central and northern Europe. (Nearly every species of tree is affected.) It has acidified lakes and streams and they can’t support fish, wildlife, plants or insects. (In the USA 1 in 5 lakes suffer from this type of pollution). Christmas is one of the most popular holidays on the planet. It seems strange but not everybody celebrate such a great holiday. It depends on the religion and the culture of people. So, who does not celebrate this holiday?
Firstly, it’s a religious holiday. Christians commemorate the birth of Christ. So people who are neither Christian nor believers don’t have holiday mood on this day.
Besides, other people refuse to take part in Christmas, because they consider that this holiday became too commercial. It’s true that in December stores are full of Christmas goods. And people spend a lot of money to have a good time with their friends, family and relatives. Most of them are ready to waste money for small useless presents. It is clear that they celebrate Christmas because it’s a family party and a great opportunity to be together.
Nevertheless this cheerful and commercial side of this holiday attracts some countries, for example, China. They have been celebrating Christmas for several years. But this holiday is not in their culture.
And in many countries we can find the same traditions. Families decorate a tree, prepare a holiday meal, and wait for Santa Claus and his gifts. But each country also has its things. In the USA there are garlands of popcorn, and in Sweden there are goats made of straw.
Someone doesn’t celebrate Christmas, but two billion people, nearly every third person in the world, celebrate Christmas. And this year it will be again, and it will be magic.
A person can fall in love quickly. As British scientists confirm, it will take 8.2 seconds for a person to fall in love with someone. The scientists explain that a look of 4 seconds is a right proof that a man is impressed and interested. But there is an interesting thing that this rule doesn’t work for women. This look means nothing for them. They can look at a man even much longer without falling in love.
British scientists decided to study it and invite more than one hundred students for an experiment. Then they hid cameras to observe the movements of the students’ eyes. Then students were asked to complete a form.
In the end they get a result that 8.2 seconds is even more than enough to fall in love. To tell the truth this experiment doesn’t seem serious. Indeed to make reliable statistic results it’s necessary to have several thousand cases which should be studied and analyzed. It seems that this question stays in God’s jurisdiction as before. And it cannot be predicted in advance. To advertise means to make information public. But nowadays advertising doesn’t limit itself by a word ‘publicity’. Modern advertising has a task to show a product in a positive and pleasant way. It has an aim to make us want to buy it. But how and when did advertising appear? In the United States companies have worked with advertisers since 1930. They invented packaging that had to attract customers. They also created an idea of product placement. It means that a product is shown in the movies. After that it gets well-known and well-sold. For example, it was made with the luxury cars which were shown in James Bond films.
Nowadays the new territory of commercials is Internet with social networks. Small software called cookies allows offering ads according to the tastes of Internet users. Certainly, in the near future the commercial advertising will be personalized for each of us.
The advertisement has existed since antiquity time. At first there were murals that informed about gladiator fights. In the middle Ages public heralds stood in the centre of the city and gave last news. Every year more than 300 million tons of plastic are not recycled. The consequences for the nature are very serious, especially for the oceans. According to the American magazine ‘Science’ the oceans contain more than 110 million tons of plastic waste.
Whole islands are covered by waste, such as Henderson Island. It is situated in the South Pacific Ocean. There is 17 million tons of waste accumulated near the island.
Apart from the aesthetic inconvenience, this waste threatens animals and birds. These are a half of the seabirds and at least 200 species of fish, crustaceans and mammals living in the oceans. The main danger and harm is that they confuse this waste with the food.
Earlier the explorers discovered deserted islands with the beaches of fine sand. But what will the explorers find in a future? If a future person discovers an island, there is a great probability that this island will be made only by plastic waste. Everyone could notice that people often complain and say that it was better before. It may be a little nostalgia; the old people would like to return in the 50s, forty-years-old people prefer the 70s. It can be explained of the life period when they were younger. As it’s known people like their youth time.
In general living is better now. We live when there aren’t as many wars in the world as before. And people live longer; the level of lifespan is higher than it was 40 years ago. People work less and they can afford to go to the vacation and buy more things.
So, it is true that there is more pollution now than in the last century but there is more conveniences. Everyone has a shower, a TV, a fridge, a computer, etc. And now there are more means of communication than before. Earlier it was dangerous to travel and it was almost impossible to go around the world.
Someone say that people were kinder before. But now people are more educated and now everyone has an opportunity to go to school and to get education. It’s better to think of advantages to live in the modern world than to regret something that no longer exists.
If you go to the first date to the restaurant, there are some things to know. First of all, you should let a man who invited you choose aperitifs. Don’t order the most expensive dishes, but at the same time you shouldn’t choose the cheapest one. Keep the golden mean!
The second rule is to avoid hard-to-eat dishes such as shellfish or oysters. Spaghetti is also not right choice. They are hardly controlled and eaten with elegance. And don’t forget that the dishes with garlic can kill the atmosphere of the first kiss.
After all there are some basic rules like using a fork and a knife. Speaking with your full mouth doesn’t give the best effect. And don’t show that you are very hungry. You go to the restaurant to talk and flirt with a man you like. You don’t go there to stuff when someone pays for you.
And the last one is that you should not criticize the place or the service. Remember you are a nice woman who wants to spend a pleasant evening.
What is it a strange word? Macaroon. It seems that it has appeared recently and belongs to these modern words. But it is not true.
The macaroon is a soft cake of rounded shape that people have tasted since the middle Ages. It has from 3 to 5 cm in diameter. The macaroon recipe varies by the cook’s skills. Professionals cook more complicated recipes, but housewives can try to cook light variant of them.
Indeed, the preparation and cooking of macaroons is difficult even for professionals. To make a traditional macaroon, you need almond powder, icing sugar, sugar and egg whites. The amount of almond is equal to the amount of icing sugar.
The macaroon has different flavors and colors. Generally, the pink macaroon is made with strawberry or raspberry. The beige macaroon has vanilla flavor. The brown macaroon is made of chocolate or coffee. The yellow macaroon is made with lemon.
Recently it has been cooked a special macaroon which has two flavors. The ‘body’ and the ‘heart’ are different. For example, pear-orange and cherry-apple macaroons are very popular.